Removes "window" reference from "useDebouncedValue" hook (#1360)
Shopify/quilt: packages/react-hooks/CHANGELOG.md

- Added `useDebouncedValue` hook ([#1354](https://github.com/Shopify/quilt/pull/1354))

### Fixed

> - Removed `window` for `[set|clear]Timeout` from `useDebouncedValue` hook ([#1360](https://github.com/Shopify/quilt/pull/1360))

Reviewer: Where'd the `Added useDebouncedValue hook` changelog item go? Does this branch need a rebase?

Author: It is right above https://github.com/Shopify/quilt/pull/1360/files#diff-6c41914fef434be5eed762a9c9d10c5fR12.

Should I merge these two into the single `Added`? @tleunen ?

Reviewer 2: Since it's the same version, I'd remove the log about fixing it

> - Removed `window` for `[set|clear]Timeout` from `useDebouncedValue` hook ([#1360](https://github.com/Shopify/quilt/pull/1360))

Reviewer 2: What about?
```suggestion
- Fixed SSR support by removing the reference to `window` in `[set|clear]Timeout` from `useDebouncedValue` hook ([#1360](https://github.com/Shopify/quilt/pull/1360))
```
